---
layout: single
title: Privacy Notice
---

**Effective Date**: March 1, 2021

**Last Updated**: May 21, 2021

*******

We at Philadelphia Community Wireless Project, a fiscally sponsored
project of the [Movement Alliance Project](https://movementalliance.org/) ("**PCWP**", "**us**",
"**our**", or "**we**") are strongly committed to transparency, and we
want you ("**you**" or "**your**") to understand how we collect, use,
share and protect your personal information, as well as how you can
manage the personal information we collect. This Privacy Notice applies
to your interactions with us, including attending our events or
participating in our programs, or your use of our website
([www.phillycommunitywireless.com](http://www.phillycommunitywireless.com)),
or using our wireless internet network (collectively, our
"**Services**).

By using our Services, you acknowledge the terms of this Privacy Notice.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice, please do not
use our Services. If you do not understand, or if you have questions
about, this Privacy Notice, please contact us before using, or
continuing to use, our Services.

We reserve the right to change our Privacy Notice from time to time by
posting the changes here. If we choose to amend this Privacy Notice, we
will revise the Last Updated date at the top of this Privacy Notice when
we post the updated version. We may also provide you with notice by
prominently posting on our website, via email or both, if we make any
significant changes to this Privacy Notice. Your use of our Services
after we have informed you in one of these ways that we made changes to
our Privacy Notice will mean that you have accepted those changes.

1.  [**TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT**](#30j0zll)
2.  [**HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL
    INFORMATION**](#lnxbz9)
3.  [**HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION**](#j94hd7)
4.  [**HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION**](#l5ns2o)
5.  [**HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL
    INFORMATION**](#35nkun2)
6.  [**CHILDREN'S PRIVACY**](#1ksv4uv)
7.  [**YOUR CHOICES**](#1fob9te)
8.  [**THIRD PARTY WEBSITE AND APPS**](#2jxsxqh)
9. [**CONTACT US**](#z337ya)

********

## 1. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT {#30j0zll}

We collect two basic types of information from you when you provide it
to us or when you use or interact with our Services: personal
information and non-personal information.

Personal information includes all information that relates to you or
which are opinions about you personally and either identifies or may be
used to identify you personally (collectively, "**personal
information**"). We may collect the following types of personal
information from you depending upon the device you are using and how you
interact with us or use or interact with our Services, such as your:

-   **Contact / Identification Information**. Name, mailing address,
    email address, phone number, and other contact or identification
    information.

-   **Device Information.** IP address, browser type and version,
    browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform,
    device type and device identifiers.

Non-personal information includes information that does not personally
identify you or information that has been anonymized (collectively,
"**non-personal information**"). When we combine non-personal
information with personal information, we treat the combined information
as personal information.

You can always refuse to provide your personal information, but please
note that some personal information is necessary to provide our
Services.

## 2. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION {#lnxbz9}

We need to collect personal information from you in order to provide you
with our Services, as well as to improve your experience. You may
provide us with personal information in several ways, including, for
example when you:

-   Visit our website or use our Services;

-   Correspond with us in any way;

-   Sign up to attend an event or program or to receive our newsletter
    or promotional information;

-   Ask for support, or other assistance; or

-   Interact with us in any other way, online or offline, including
    through our Services.

***Cookies***

Like many websites and apps, we use "cookies", which are small text
files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit
certain online pages that record your preferences and actions, including
how you use the website. We use this information for analytics purposes
which allows us to improve your browsing experience. The information we
collect through these technologies will also be used to manage your
session. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as
\"necessary\" are stored on your browser as they are essential for the
working of basic functionalities of the website. These necessary cookies
cannot be disabled.

***Cookie Opt-out.***

You can set your browser or device to refuse all
cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you delete your
cookies, if you opt-out from cookies, or if you set your browser or
device to decline these technologies, some Services may not function
properly. Our Services do not currently change the way they operate upon
detection of a [Do Not
Track](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking)
or similar signal.

***Online Analytics***

We also use various types of online analytics on our website. These
online analytics services use cookies or other tracking technologies to
help us analyze how users interact with and use the website, compile
reports on the related activities, and provide other services related to
website and app activity and usage. The technologies used by these
analytics services may collect information such as your IP address, time
of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website or
app.

***Offline Interactions and Other Sources***

We also may collect personal information from other sources, such as our
partners or third party service providers, or from our offline
interactions with you for the purposes listed in the **How We Use
Personal Information** section below, including to enable us to verify
or update information contained in our records and to better customize
the Services for you.

***Surveys***

From time to time, and subject to your consent where required by
applicable local law, we may provide you with the opportunity to
participate in surveys, some of which might be sponsored or conducted by
a third party. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary.
If you choose to participate, we will request certain personal
information from you. If there is a third party sponsor involved in the
survey, we may provide certain personal information with the third party
sponsor. Please make sure to review the sponsor's privacy policy and be
aware that any surveys offered by us may be governed by specific rules
and terms and conditions that are separate from and in addition to this
Privacy Notice. By participating in any such surveys you will become
subject to those rules, including but not limited to receiving emails
containing survey or promotion communications.

## 3.  HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION {#j94hd7}

We may use personal information to do any or all of the following:

-   provide you with our Services;

-   facilitate your interactions and transactions with us;

-   respond to your requests, communications, suggestions, comments,
    inquiries, and requests (including your feedback about our
    Services);

-   administer our relationship with you, including creating and
    managing your account;

-   maintain and improve our Services;

-   measure the performance of our Services;

-   develop new products, features, and services;

-   better understand the preferences of our customers;

-   respond to legally binding requests from law enforcement, regulatory
    authorities, or other third parties;

-   defend, protect or enforce our rights or applicable terms of service
    or to fulfill our legal or contractual obligations;

-   to prevent fraud or the recurrence of fraud;

-   assist in the event of an emergency;

-   comply with applicable law; or

-   any other purpose with your consent.

Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, we only
retain personal information for as long as we need to use the
information for the purposes listed above, including, for legal,
regulatory, backup, archival, accounting, and/or audit purposes.

We may use personal information to create non-personal information. We
may use non-personal information for any legitimate purpose.

## 4.  HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION {#l5ns2o}

**We do not sell or rent personal information.**

Except as disclosed in this Privacy Notice, we do not share personal
information with any companies other than our subsidiaries, affiliates,
business partners, suppliers, vendors, service providers, and
contractors, including our and their directors, officers, employees,
agents, consultants, advisors or other representatives.

Our business partners, suppliers, vendors, service providers, and
contractors include IT service providers, financial institutions and
payment providers, customer relationship management vendors, other
cloud-based solutions providers, lawyers, accountants, auditors and
other professional advisors. We contract with them to ensure that they
only process your personal information under our instructions and ensure
the security and confidentiality of your personal information.

We share personal information with these third parties to help us:

-   with the uses described in the [How We Use Information](#j94hd7) section above;

-   in the operation, management, improvement, research and analysis of
    our Services; and

-   comply with your directions or any consent you have provided us.

We may share personal information with law enforcement and regulatory
authorities or other third parties as required or permitted by law for
the purpose of:

-   responding to a subpoena, court order, or other legal processes;

-   defending, protecting, or enforcing our rights;

-   assisting in the event of a life threatening emergency; and

-   complying with applicable law.

In accordance with applicable law, we may also transfer or assign
personal information to third parties as a result of, or in connection
with, a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of
assets, bankruptcy, reorganization, or liquidation. If we are involved
in defending a legal claim, we may disclose personal information about
you that is relevant to the claim to third parties as a result of, or in
connection with, the associated legal proceedings.

We share non-personal information with third parties as reasonably
necessary to meet our organizational needs.

## 5.  HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION {#35nkun2}

We are dedicated to ensuring the security of your personal information.
We use physical, electronic, and administrative security measures
appropriate to the risks and sensitivity of the personal information we
collect. We aim to provide secure transmission of your personal
information from your devices to our servers. We have processes to store
personal information that we have collected in secure operating
environments. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally
request proof of identity before we disclose your personal information
to you. We try our best to safeguard personal information once we
receive it, but please understand that no transmission of data over the
Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure. If you suspect an unauthorized use or security breach of your
personal information, please [contact us](#z337ya) immediately.

## 6.  CHILDREN'S PRIVACY {#1ksv4uv}

Our Services are not for children or those under the age of 13. We do
not knowingly collect personal information from children or other
persons who are under 13 years of age. Individuals who are children or
those under the age of 13 should not attempt to provide us with any
personal information. If you think we have received personal information
from children or those under the age of 13, please [contact us](#z337ya) immediately.

## 7.  YOUR CHOICES {#1fob9te}

***Email Communications / Direct Marketing***

You may have the opportunity to receive certain communications from us
related to our Services. If you provide us with your email address in
order to receive communications, you can opt-out of marketing emails at
any time by following the instructions at the bottom of our emails and
adjusting your email preferences. Please note that certain emails
may be necessary for the operation of our Services. You will continue to
receive these necessary emails, if lawful and appropriate, even if you
unsubscribe from our optional marketing communications.

***Cookies / Beacons***

If you wish to minimize information collected by cookies or beacons, you
can adjust the settings of your device or browser. You can also set your
device or browser to automatically reject any cookies. You may also be
able to install plug-ins and add-ins that serve similar functions.
However, please be aware that some Services may not work properly if you
reject cookies.

***Do Not Track***

Some devices and browsers support a "Do Not Track" (or, DNT) feature, a
privacy preference that you can set in certain browsers, which is
intended to be a signal to websites and services that you do not wish to
be tracked across different websites or online services you visit.

Please note that we cannot control how third party websites or online
services you visit through our website respond to Do Not Track signals.
Check the privacy policies of those third parties for information on
their privacy practices. Our Services do not currently change the way
they operate upon detection of a [Do Not
Track](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking)
or similar signal.

## 8.  THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND APPS {#2jxsxqh}

Our website and Services may contain links to other websites or apps
operated by third parties. Please be advised that the practices
described in this Privacy Notice do not apply to information gathered
through these third party websites and apps. We have no control over,
and are not responsible for, the actions and privacy policies of third
parties and other websites and apps.

## 9.  CONTACT US {#z337ya}

We welcome requests, questions, comments, and feedback on this Privacy
Notice and our management of personal information. If you have requests,
questions, concerns, or feedback, you can always contact us in the
following ways. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity
before assisting with your request, such as verifying that the
information used to contact us matches the information that we have on
file.

  ------------------ ------------------------------------
  **Email:**   phillycommunitywireless\@gmail.com

  ------------------ ------------------------------------
